2020-04-06 Release Notes (#322)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/blog/2020-04-06-release-notes.md

---
title: 2020-04-06 Release notes
date: '2020-04-06T11:28:19-03:00'
author: Nolan Phillips
---
The TinaCMS core team continues to work towards making [Open Authoring with GitHub + Next.js](https://github.com/orgs/tinacms/projects/1) a viable solution for all open source projects!

Last week the team finished the bulk of the refactoring needed to make this possible. The main `tinacms` package has been decoupled from the Sidebar UI, the changes from RFC 0005 have been implemented, and a draft PR has been created to [add the Toolbar package](https://github.com/tinacms/tinacms/pull/973).

A [pull request has also been opened to add a new `react-tinacms-github` package](https://github.com/tinacms/tinacms/pull/960) to the repository. This package provides all the front-end code needed to use TinaCMS to authenticate and edit content via the GitHub API. We'll be testing the pre-release of this package this week on this very site!

> Another draft PR has started for `next-tinacms-github`, a package of helpers for setting up your Next.js to work with `react-tinacms-github`. This package will helps you setup the new [Preview Mode](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/preview-mode) introduced in Next 9.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another draft PR has started for `next-tinacms-github`, a package of helpers for setting up your Next.js website to work with `react-tinacms-github`. This package will help you setup the new [Preview Mode](https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/preview-mode) introduced in Next 9.3
```
